I'm sorry, I'm crazy, I've made you feel wronged.
It doesn’t matter, I’m laughing at you,
Recognize your mother’s true face early.
In fact, I just finished answering the question a long time ago,
Because I know that the ten people who came out of the mountain don’t understand.
If he puts it in his mouth, that's what he's talking about.
Why do you want to do this?
He likes you and doesn't want to lose you.
But I don't like him.
In this case, I can only show my killer aura and my true face.
Right, the hand made Jing die and his mother forced him.
All I have to do is marry my aunt.
right, yes,
If he marries Aunt La, doesn't he just say that there will be a lot of people in the future?